silverlight-installer, start, start-process, where, winword: add page (#22115)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/silverlight-installer.md

# silverlight-installer

> > Microsoft Silverlight Installer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Install or uninstall Microsoft Silverlight.
```

> You may need to replace the command with the actual installer name, such as `Silverlight.1.0.exe`.
> Note: This program has been deprecated.

> > More information: <https://download.microsoft.com/download/7/8/d/78da8ec9-8801-42e5-89e5-3809386f1316/silverlight%20deployment%20guide.doc>.

Reviewer: I noticed that the "More information" link triggers a direct file download. 
This isn't a great user experience, as people usually expect to read a documentation page in their browser rather than download a file. Is there an html version or an alternative link available that can be read online without downloading?

Author: To my knowledge there are no other web documentation for the installer. The one's available on the Microsoft Learn / MSDN archive only deals for Silverlight applet development (akin to Adobe Flash) but not the installer itself.

I also tried to find over Internet Archive for manuals specific to this command but also no luck.

The "More information" link here seems to refer to a very old guide; the latest one should be https://download.microsoft.com/download/c/d/5/cd5aaae3-21f7-47a8-b7d5-39e36baf9ac8/silverlight_deployment_guide.docx (also in DOC/DOCX).

Reviewer: OK, I see. Let's use the new link you found
```suggestion
> More information: <https://download.microsoft.com/download/c/d/5/cd5aaae3-21f7-47a8-b7d5-39e36baf9ac8/silverlight_deployment_guide.docx>.
```

- Run the Microsoft Silverlight installer in GUI:

`silverlight-installer`

- Run the installer in [q]uiet mode (do not show GUI):

`silverlight-installer /q`

> - Run the installer in [q]uiet [u]ninstaller mode (do not show GUI):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [u]ninstall the program in [q]uiet mode:
```
